
Cwm 

1. About this file:
	This is the README file included in the distribution of Cwm. 
It tells how to test and run Cwm.

2. Table of contents:
	1. About this file
	2. Table of contents
	3. About Cwm.
	4. License
	5. Getting started
	6. Submitting Bugs.


3. About Cwm
	Cwm is a general-purpose data processor for the semantic 
web, somewhat like sed, awk, etc. for text files or XSLT for XML. 
It is a forward chaining reasoner which can be used for querying, 
checking, transforming and filtering information. Its core 
language is RDF, extended to include rules, and it uses RDF/XML 
or RDF/N3 (see Notation3 Primer) serializations as required.
To find out more about Cwm, visit 
http://www.w3.org/2000/10/swap/doc/cwm.html

5. Getting Started
Unpack this tarball in a useful place. cd to that directory and type:
  cd test; make
at the command line. It should spend a while testing to make sure
the program is working.
If a test fails: There are three possiblilities:
	1. Your Python setup is borked / sufficiently different from the
		one used in development. This is a distinct possiblility.
		It is also possibly a bug in our code, if your we should 
		in fact be supporting you platform. 
	2. You tarball was corrupted / not generated properly. This is 
		also a distinct possiblility. The latter case is a bug.
	3. We knowingly published a version of Cwm that failed our own tests.
		This is highly unlikely.

Therefore, submitting bugs when you fail the tests, besides perhaps the fact 
that you did fail the tests, is in not in general a good idea.

The test files should give you a good idea of commands to get 
Cwm to work. 


6. Submitting Bugs
Cwm is very much a work in progress and has many bugs. 
Some of them we already know about. Cwm bugs are tracked
on the public Cwm bug mail list, 
http://lists.w3.org/Archives/Public/public-cwm-bugs/ . Submit
any bugs you find there, assuming they have not already been
submitted. Reply to a previous bug report if you have something
to add. 

4.License
See the attached files, LICENSE.n3 and LICENSE

7. Contributers:
Tim Berners-Lee
Dan Connolly
Sean Palmer
Mark Nottingham
Eric Prud'hommeaux
Sandro Hawke
Dan Brickley
Karl Dubost
Yosi Scharf

Development of cwm is supported in part by funding 
from US Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency 
(DARPA) and Air Force Research Laboratory, Air 
Force Materiel Command, USAF, under agreement 
number F30602-00-2-0593, "Semantic Web Development".

